README.md, before:

# SoulSpark

> A therapeutic companion game focused on emotional well-being

## Overview

SoulSpark is an indie game that combines 3D exploration, a customizable companion (the Spark), and therapeutic mini-games to create a calming, supportive experience. Built with Three.js and designed as a Progressive Web App, it aims to provide mental wellness support in an engaging, interactive format.

## Current Status

SoulSpark is in **early development** (Phase 0). We are currently:

- Establishing stable Three.js rendering
- Building the foundational scene components
- Implementing core visual elements

**Current focus:** Debugging rendering issues and establishing a minimal viable scene.

## Core Vision

- **The Spark:** A responsive, customizable companion that provides emotional support
- **Enchanted Environments:** Ghibli-inspired natural worlds that react to emotional states
- **Therapeutic Gameplay:** Mini-games based on CBT and mindfulness techniques
- **Accessibility:** Available across devices via PWA technology

## Development

To run the project locally:

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/Mikebrown0409/Soul-Spark.git
cd Soul-Spark

# Use a local server (examples)
npx http-server
# OR
python -m http.server
```

## Roadmap

See [ROADMAP.md](ROADMAP.md) for detailed development phases.

---

SoulSpark is currently a work in progress. Contributions, feedback, and patience are appreciated as we work to realize this vision.

Commit message:

docs: Update README to clarify Three.js to Unity migration plan

README.md, after:

# SoulSpark

> A therapeutic companion game focused on emotional well-being

## Overview

SoulSpark is an indie game that combines 3D exploration, a customizable companion (the Spark), and therapeutic mini-games to create a calming, supportive experience. Currently built with Three.js and designed as a Progressive Web App, it aims to provide mental wellness support in an engaging, interactive format.

## Current Status

SoulSpark is in **early development** (Phase 0). We are currently:

- Establishing stable Three.js rendering
- Building the foundational scene components
- Implementing core visual elements
- Planning migration to Unity (see Technology Roadmap below)

**Current focus:** Debugging rendering issues and establishing a minimal viable scene.

## Core Vision

- **The Spark:** A responsive, customizable companion that provides emotional support
- **Enchanted Environments:** Ghibli-inspired natural worlds that react to emotional states
- **Therapeutic Gameplay:** Mini-games based on CBT and mindfulness techniques
- **Accessibility:** Available across devices via PWA technology

## Technology Roadmap

**Current:** The project is implemented using Three.js as our WebGL framework for browser-based 3D rendering.

**Future:** We are planning to migrate the project to Unity for more advanced features, better performance, and expanded platform support. This transition will occur after establishing core proof-of-concept functionality in the current Three.js implementation.

## Development

To run the project locally:

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/Mikebrown0409/Soul-Spark.git
cd Soul-Spark

# Use a local server (examples)
npx http-server
# OR
python -m http.server
```

## Roadmap

See [ROADMAP.md](ROADMAP.md) for detailed development phases.

---

SoulSpark is currently a work in progress. Contributions, feedback, and patience are appreciated as we work to realize this vision.
